# Cloud-Counselage-Machine-Learning
Tasks given by cloud counselage as a part of my machine learning intern
The solution involves developing predictive model for student placement and calculation for year of graduation which accurately forecasts whether students secure placement and when students will graduate. 1.The year of graduation calculation will function by utilizing essential features and historical data. A dataset containing data on student's college details including college name, academic year and branch will be used. 2. Student placement prediction will function by utilizing essential features and historical data. A dataset containing data on student's academic records, course progress, extracurricular activities, and previous placement results will be used to train the machine learning system. In order for the model to accurately forecast whether students secure placement. It must learn pattern and correlations from this data.

2
The objective is to predict the best career paths for students. We will create a system which aims to provide Provide career advice based on students' skills and interests. personalized cafeer lidvice and outline the steps needed for students to achieve their career goals Scraping of data based on the columns you have in the dataset using libraries such as Pandas, NumPy. Getting knowledge of Machine learning, Deep learning, and the experience of implementing the same. Deep Learning Frameworks like TensorFlow. Ensemble methods (Optional): XGBoost, LightGBM, CatBoost. Evaluation of model performances using different metrics. For designing application: Use Streamlit (ps://streamlit.io/) Another way, should have knowledge of frontend technologies - HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Clean coding skills and best practices. Awareness about the latest data manipulation and handling techniques in the ML domain.
